Remove labels from network policies (#414)
distributed-technologies/helm-charts: charts/tenant-base/docs/deployment.md

    networkPolicy:
      ingress:
        - releaseName: dlr
          deploymentName: data
          ports:
            - http
      egress:
        - releaseName: dlr
          deploymentName: data
          ports:
            - protocol: TCP
              port: 8080
```

> This allows incoming traffic(ingress) to the pod from pods in the dlr helm release that is under the dlr-data deployment. This is done on port http, which is defined under `ports`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This allows incoming traffic(ingress) to the pod from pods in the dlr helm release that is under the 'data' deployment. This is done on port http, which is defined under `ports`.
```

Author: Changed

> This also allows outgoing traffic(egress) from the pod to pods in the same dkr-data deployment under the dlr helm release on port `8080/TCP`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This also allows outgoing traffic(egress) from the pod to pods in the same 'data' deployment under the dlr helm release on port `8080/TCP`.
```

Author: Changed
